c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.pdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.apk
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\AppPessoa.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.dll
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.pdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\AppPessoa.Android.apk
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\AppPessoa.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\harlan.silva\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Droid.View.ListarPessoaView.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.apk
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\AppPessoa.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.dll
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\AppPessoa.Android.apk
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\bin\Debug\AppPessoa.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\AppPessoa.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Harlan\Dropbox\Estudos\Cursos Onlines\Udemy\Xamarin\AppPessoa\AppPessoa\AppPessoa.Android\obj\Debug\AppPessoa.Droid.View.ListViewPessoasView.xaml.g.cs
